Installation_Preinstallation,WARNING:,"When installing in a potentially explosive environment, make sure that the motor is properly certified."
Installation_Preinstallation,WARNING:,You must earth (ground) all electrical equipment.
Installation_Preinstallation,WARNING:,"This applies to the pump equipment, the driver, and any monitoring equipment"
Installation_Preinstallation,WARNING:,Test the earth (ground) lead to verify that it is connected correctly
Installation_Preinstallation,NOTICE,Supervision by an authorized ITT representative is recommended to ensure proper installation
Installation_Preinstallation,NOTICE,Failure to do so may result in equipment damage or decreased performance
Pump location guidelines,WARNING,Assembled units and their components are heavy.
Pump location guidelines,WARNING,Failure to properly lift and support this equipment can result in serious physical injury and/or equipment damage.
Pump location guidelines,WARNING,Lift equipment only at the specifically identified lifting points
Pump location guidelines,WARNING,"Lifting devices such as eyebolts, slings, and spreaders must be rated, selected, and used for the entire load being lifted."
Pump location guidelines,Guideline,Make sure that the space around the pump is sufficient
Pump location guidelines,Guideline,"If you require lifting equipment such as a hoist or tackle, make sure that there is enough space above the pump."
Pump location guidelines,Guideline,"Protect the unit from weather and water damage due to rain, flooding, and freezing temperatures"
Pump location guidelines,Guideline,Do not install and operate the equipment in closed systems unless the system is constructed with properly-sized safety devices and control devices.
Pump location guidelines,Guideline,Take into consideration the occurrence of unwanted noise and vibration.
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,"This facilitates ventilation, inspection, maintenance, and service."
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,This makes it easier to properly use the lifting equipment and safely remove and relocate the components to a safe location.
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,This is applicable if nothing else is specified
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,Acceptable devices:Pressure relief valves
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,Acceptable devices:Compression tanks
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,Acceptable devices:Pressure controls
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,Acceptable devices:Temperature controls
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,Acceptable devices:Flow controls
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,"If the system does not include these devices, consult the engineer or architect in charge before you operate the pump."
Pump location guidelines,Explanation/comment,The best pump location for noise and vibration absorption is on a concrete floor with subsoil underneath.
Foundation requirements,Requirements,"The foundation must be able to absorb any type of vibration and form a permanent, rigid support for the unit."
Foundation requirements,Requirements,"Provide a flat, substantial concrete foundation in order to prevent strain and distortion when you tighten the foundation bolts."
Foundation requirements,Requirements,Sleeve-type and J-type foundation bolts are most commonly used. Both designs allow movement for the final bolt adjustment.
Foundation requirements,Sleeve-type bolts,1. Baseplate
Foundation requirements,Sleeve-type bolts,2. Shims or wedges
Foundation requirements,Sleeve-type bolts,3. Foundation
Foundation requirements,Sleeve-type bolts,4. Sleeve
Foundation requirements,Sleeve-type bolts,5. Dam
Foundation requirements,Sleeve-type bolts,6. Bolt
Foundation requirements,J-type bolts,1. Baseplate
Foundation requirements,J-type bolts,2. Shims or wedges
Foundation requirements,J-type bolts,3. Foundation
Foundation requirements,J-type bolts,4. Dam
Foundation requirements,J-type bolts,5. Bolt
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,This procedure assumes you have a basic knowledge of baseplate and foundation design and installation methods.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,"Follow industry-standard procedures, such as API RP 686/ PIP REIE 686, or this procedure before you grout the baseplate."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,"1. Make sure that all baseplate surfaces that will contact grout are free from contamination such as rust, oil, and grime."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,2. Thoroughly clean all baseplate surfaces that will come in contact with grout.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,2. Make sure to use a cleaner that will not leave residue.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,NOTICE,"You may need to sandblast the surfaces of a baseplate that come in contact with grout, and then coat those surfaces with a primer that is grout-compatible."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,NOTICE ,Make sure to remove all equipment before sandblasting.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,"3. Make sure that all machined surfaces are free from burrs, rust, paint, or any other type of contamination."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the baseplate for mounting,"3. If necessary, use a honing stone to remove burrs."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,1. Chip the top of the foundation to a minimum of 1.0 in. (25.0 mm) in order to remove porous or low-strength concrete.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,"1. If you use a pneumatic hammer, make sure that it does not contaminate the surface with oil or other moisture."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,NOTICE,Do not chip the foundation using heavy tools such as jackhammers.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,NOTICE,This can damage the structural integrity of the foundation.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,2. Remove water or debris from the foundation bolt holes or sleeves.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,"3. If the baseplate uses sleeve-type bolts, then fill the sleeves with a non-binding, moldable material."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,3. Seal the sleeves in order to prevent the grout from entering.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,4. Coat the exposed portion of the anchor bolts with a non-bonding compound such as paste wax in order to prevent the grout from adhering to the anchor bolts.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,4. Do not use oils or liquid wax.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Prepare the foundation for mounting,"5. If recommended by the grout manufacturer, coat the foundation surface with a compatible primer."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,NOTICE,Illustrations are for reference only and may not depict the particular pump model.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,1. Lower the baseplate carefully onto the foundation bolts.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,1. The baseplate will rest on top of the foundation on the jackscrews provided on the baseplate.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,"2. Adjust the leveling jackscrews, located adjacent to the foundation bolt holes, until the baseplate rests 1Â toÂ 2Â in. (25Â toÂ 50Â mm) above the foundation in order to allow for adequate grouting."
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,2. This provides even support for the baseplate after grouting.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,3. Level the baseplate to within 0.002Â in./ft. (0.167Â mm/m) of the length or width of the baseplate by adjusting the jackscrews.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,3. The maximum total variation from one end or side of the baseplate to the other is 0.015Â in. (0.38Â mm).
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,3. Use the equipment mounting surfaces in order to establish the level.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,4. Use a non-bonding (anti-seize) compound such as paste wax to coat the portions of the jackscrews that will contact the grout.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,4. This facilitates removal of the screws after grouting.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,NOTICE,Do not use oils or liquid wax.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,Install and level the baseplate,5. Thread the nuts onto the foundation bolts and hand-tighten.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,"Install the pump, driver, and coupling",1. Mount and fasten the pump on the baseplate. Use applicable bolts.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,"Install the pump, driver, and coupling",2. Mount the driver on the baseplate. Use applicable bolts and hand tighten.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,"Install the pump, driver, and coupling",3. Install the coupling.
Baseplate-mounting procedures,"Install the pump, driver, and coupling",3. See the installation instructions from the coupling manufacturer.
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,WARNING,Follow shaft alignment procedures in order to prevent catastrophic failure of drive components or unintended contact of rotating parts.
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,WARNING,Follow the coupling installation and operation procedures from the coupling manufacturer.
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,WARNING,Always disconnect and lock out power to the driver before you perform any installation or maintenance tasks.
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,WARNING,Failure to disconnect and lock out driver power will result in serious physical injury.
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,NOTICE,Proper alignment is the responsibility of the installer and the user of the unit
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,NOTICE,Check the alignment of frame-mounted units before you operate the unit.
Pump-to-driver alignment_Precautions,NOTICE,Failure to do so can result in equipment damage or decreased performance.
Pump-to-driver alignmen,Alignment methods,Dial indicator
Pump-to-driver alignmen,Alignment methods,Reverse dial indicator
Pump-to-driver alignmen,Alignment methods,Laser
Pump-to-driver alignmen,Alignment methods,Follow the instructions from the equipment manufacturer when you use the reverse dial indicator or laser methods.
Pump-to-driver alignmen,Alignment methods,Detailed instructions for using the dial indicator method are contained in this chapter.
Alignment checks,When to perform,The process temperature changes
Alignment checks,When to perform,The piping changes.
Alignment checks,When to perform,The pump has been serviced.
Alignment checks,Type of check,Initial alignment (cold alignment) check
Alignment checks,Type of check,Final alignment (hot alignment) check
Alignment checks,When it is used,Prior to operation when the pump and the driver are at ambient temperature.
Alignment checks,When it is used,After operation when the pump and the driver are at operating  temperature.
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,When,Before you grout the baseplate
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,When,After you grout the baseplate
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,When,After you connect the piping
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,Why,This ensures that alignment can be accomplished.
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,Why,This ensures that no changes have occurred during the grouting process.
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,Why,This ensures that pipe strains have not altered the alignment.
Alignment checks_Cold Allignment,Why,"If changes have occurred, you must alter the piping to remove pipe strains on the pump flanges."
Alignment checks_Hot Allignment,When,After the first run
Alignment checks_Hot Allignment,When,Periodically
Alignment checks_Hot Allignment,Why,This ensures correct alignment when both the pump and the driver are at operating temperature.
Alignment checks_Hot Allignment,Why,This follows the plant operating procedures.
